A claim must be created, before it can be approved or rejected.
A claim should be approved before it can be paid out.
Once a claim has been approved, it should eventually be paid out.
Once a claim has been rejected, it should not be paid out.
Payout should end the process and therefore exclude everything.
A case can be closed manually at any time, unless we still need to pay out the claim.
The case can be managed at the union after it has been created.
After a case is created, management can and must arrange a meeting between the union case worker and the other case worker.
After a meeting is arranged it must be held.
The case worker should enter metadata on the case, inform about when he is available for participating in a meeting and then submit the case.
When a case is submitted it may get a local id at the union, but it should also subsequently be assigned a case id in LO.
When a case is submitted, LO should eventually propose dates.
Only after LO has assigned its case id it is possible to manage the case and for LO to propose dates.
Once a date has been agreed upon a meeting should eventually be held.
Every process instance starts by examining a patient.
If an x-ray is taken, then the x-ray risk must be checked before it.
Performing a reposition, applying a cast and performing surgery require that x-rays are performed before.
If a surgery is performed, then prescription of rehabilitation occurs eventually after it.
After a cast is applied, eventually the cast is removed and vice versa, before every removal of a cast, a cast must be applied.
The process begins with the booking of the ticket.
Personal information of passengers can be provided after the booking of the ticket.
The payment of the ticket triggers the completion of the booking phase.
The payment of the ticket is eventually followed by the actual transfer of money.
As long as the Check-in of the flight does not take place, the customers can still modify the provided data to change.
After check-in of the flight, only the cancellation is admitted.
The process starts when an invoice is received by the administration department.
If they decide that the invoice appears legit then they enter all relevant data into the system.
When all necessary approvals have been received the invoice can be paid.
Once payment is confirmed, the invoice case should be closed.
The receipt of an invoice is required before the administration department can enter data or scan the invoice.
Enter data is required before any approval can be given.
Finally, we have to pay the invoice before we can confirm payment.
If a request is sent, then a proposal is expected to be prepared afterwards.
A confirmation is supposed to be mandatorily given after the proposal, and vice-versa any proposal is expected to precede a confirmation.
Every process instance has to start by registering client data.
Every provided room service must be billed.
Every provided laundry service must be billed.
When the client leaves, the bill must be charged.

